so now we're going to see if we
got the secret weapon that will
be able to get them to bite by
using a nice tiny heart can
really light leader and we'll
see if we can sneak up on them
how do you catch a unique tuna
unique up while
there's a fish 30 going down
mark them on both machines too
good
there is a good cover it up to
that fake jewels on
ok
God somebody that you can iron
out what ya got there
what's on the screen mumbo-jumbo
Marciano just worked a double
right next to us
way to go Marciano sounds to me
like it's a real real-deal you
can tell by the tone of Tyler's
voice still oh yeah you need to
me not trouble you like to fish
it once it's going to be a trick
keep it tight keep it tight with
the time the tricky part is
gonna be landed up without
losing both they cross from
they're both gone
the key to landing to fish is to
have one state way out away from
the boat a one fish in clothes
that lessens the chances of the
lines crossing got want to crush
all this day across and go we
going to switch rods day
study but he just one way yeah
he's out there that's good work
that's what yeah just keep an
eye on the run to close together
which it jack
I got caller I got my Lena go
ahead keep working Jade dead
fail the clothes we hit him with
the . now gonna get this
gilstrap water landing yet think
we drop the hawk we lost
that's Christ